README.md, before:

# Ergatis-Docker

## Purpose
This image is used as a jumping off point for building specific Ergatis pipelines.  Libraries, packages, and directories that are shared by most, if not all, of the various Ergatis pipelines, are installed here.  Since this image does not contain the Ergatis web code (see adkinsrs/ergatis-apache), this image has no real function as a process, and as such, just runs /bin/bash as its process.

## General information

First things first,

Get the code:
```
git clone https://github.com/adkinsrs/Ergatis-Docker.git
cd Ergatis-Docker
```

### Ergatis Pipelines
Other specific directories represent certain pipelines that can created and launched as their own containers through their own Docker images.  The Dockerfile for each pipeline recipe builds off of the original Ergatis Docker image and will dictate installation of specific programs and the setup of that project repository and pipeline.  Each pipeline microservice directory should contain its own internal directories for scripts, libraries, config files, and UI for creating and running the pipeline within Ergatis.

You can view the various pipeline recipes available at https://github.com/adkinsrs/ergatis-docker-recipes

Each pipeline folder in that repository will contain a README on how to start that pipeline's Docker container

### Tag naming conventions
For both the Ergatis and pipeline images, the "latest" tag will essentially be the equivalent of the development tag.  Formal release tags will have a version number (v1.0, v1.1, etc.)

There is a special tag (adkinsrs/ergatis:apache) that contains Ergatis with Apache installed.  This is useful for viewing the Ergatis UI in a web browser. Beginning with the v1.3 tag, Apache was removed from the Ergatis image, and can be used as a service in docker\-compose.

Commit message:

completely reworked Ergatis image to be like it used to, except repository root structure is in its own image

README.md, after:

# Ergatis-Docker

## Purpose
This repository holds the files to build the base Ergatis image in Docker.  In addition, a Dockerfile is present that creates the workflow and output\_repository data directory structures in a separate Docker image.

## General information

First things first,

Get the code:
```
git clone https://github.com/adkinsrs/Ergatis-Docker.git
cd Ergatis-Docker
```

### Ergatis Pipelines
Other specific directories represent certain pipelines that can created and launched as their own containers through their own Docker images.  The Dockerfile for each pipeline recipe builds off of the original Ergatis Docker image and will dictate installation of specific programs and the setup of that project repository and pipeline.  Each pipeline microservice directory should contain its own internal directories for scripts, libraries, config files, and UI for creating and running the pipeline within Ergatis.

You can view the various pipeline recipes available at https://github.com/adkinsrs/ergatis-docker-recipes

Each pipeline folder in that repository will contain a README on how to start that pipeline's Docker container

### Tag naming conventions
For both the Ergatis and pipeline images, the "latest" tag will essentially be the equivalent of the development tag.  Formal release tags will have a version number (v1.0, v1.1, etc.)

There is a special tag (adkinsrs/ergatis:apache) that contains Ergatis with Apache installed.  This is useful for viewing the Ergatis UI in a web browser. Beginning with the v1.3 tag, Apache was removed from the Ergatis image, and can be used as a service in docker\-compose.
